---
title: "The Creation Story"
date: 2017-10-28T17:00:18+02:00
draft: false
---

>For in six days the Lord made the heavens and the earth, the sea, and all that is in them, and rested the seventh day. 

Well this is not about god, it's about the creation of this website. I am sorry if I misled you, but I was so eager to have a bible quote after I noticed the name I had given to this post.

>Tell about how you made your site and why you chose the tools you did.  Briefly explain a challenge you experienced in setting up this site and how you solved it.

I chose to go with Hugo because:

- It was completely new to me and I was eager to see what it's about
- They seemed to have a well done documentation
- Their eye appealing web site 
- The description "The world’s fastest framework for building websites" made me give in


I started by installing hugo and creating a new site. Followed it with installing the [Strange Case](https://github.com/ExchangeRate-API/strange-case) theme and deploying to Netlify. I noticed that I needed a netlify.toml file in the root of my Git repository to build with the same version that I had on my computer. After successfully deploying it I had a look at staticgen and to my surprise the deployable Hugo wasn't a fresh Hugo site, but Victor Hugo, a Hugo boilerplate.

I decided to start over using Victor Hugo since you had it listed on [StaticGen](https://www.staticgen.com/) and had created it yourselves.  I was determined to use the same theme as I had before since I liked it. I noticed that a lot of people were having difficulties installing themes and decided to install it manually over the current non-existing theme. I put my layout files where they should be and redirected the css, jss and fonts. After editing config.toml and doing some small edits on the layouts I was good to go.